Throughout this lesson, you've learned a great deal about Faust and
how you can use it to build your own stream processing applications.
You've seen how to create a basic Faust application from scratch.
You've also seen how to serialize and de-serialize data,
and in the process,
how Faust can give us a hand in type verification.
We learned how Faust uses Kafka to store the change log
and uses either an in-memory or RocksDB based store,
to store its own local state.
Finally, we learned about building stream applications and
table applications and the nuances of both of those approaches.
Faust is an awesome tool for building world-class stream processing applications.
I hope that you enjoyed this lesson and find these skills
useful next time you'd like to try to build one of these applications on your own.
I think you'll especially enjoy contrasting Faust with
KSQL which we're about to learn about in the upcoming lesson.
Both of them are incredible tools that will help
you build some really amazing stream processing applications.